Update saga middleware options to reflect implementation (#2372)
redux-saga/redux-saga: .changeset/eighty-lions-sleep.md

---

> '@redux-saga/core': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@redux-saga/core': patch
'redux-saga': patch
```

---

> Added a channel type to the createSagaMiddleware options object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a `channel` property to the `SagaMiddlewareOptions` to reflect its runtime support.
```
